README.md, before:

# unity-video-writer
Unity high performance video writer

# Install
1. Download and install FFMPEG https://ffmpeg.org/download.html or http://blog.gregzaal.com/how-to-install-ffmpeg-on-windows/
1. Create anaconda environment from yml file:
    ```
    conda env create -f environment.yml
    ``` 
1. Install module from within repo directory:
    ```
    pip install -e .
    ```
## Setup in unity project
1. Add unity-package to unity project with package manager (Window->Package Manager-> '+' sign -> add package from disk)
1. Create the video writer (Window->VideoWriter->CreateVideoWriter)
1. Select the VideoWriter in the inspector and change the outputfolder,framerate, and quality as needed.
1. Adjust the gameview window to a fixed size:

    1. Go to Edit-> Project Settings
    1. Select the player tab.
    1. Under resolution and presentation uncheck 'Default is native resolution'
    1. Set Default Screen size and width to e.g. 720x480
    1. In the 'Game' view tab change 'free aspect' to 'Standalone (..)'

## Setup video processing.
1. Copy the 'Process Videos.bat' file to different location
1. Adjust file locations in the bat file as needed

# Process video files.
1. Run the bat file.

## Update
To update the anaconda environment run in repo directory:
```
conda env update --name univideo --file environment.yml
```

Commit message:

Moved files so unity can install package through git

README.md, after:

# unity-video-writer
Unity high performance video writer

# Install
1. Download and install FFMPEG https://ffmpeg.org/download.html or http://blog.gregzaal.com/how-to-install-ffmpeg-on-windows/
1. Python and other associated files can be found in .external folder.
1. Create anaconda environment from yml file:
    ```
    conda env create -f environment.yml
    ``` 
1. Install module from within repo directory:
    ```
    pip install -e .
    ```
## Setup in unity project
1. Add unity-package to unity project with package manager (Window->Package Manager-> '+' sign -> add package from disk)
1. Create the video writer (Window->VideoWriter->CreateVideoWriter)
1. Select the VideoWriter in the inspector and change the outputfolder,framerate, and quality as needed.
1. Adjust the gameview window to a fixed size:

    1. Go to Edit-> Project Settings
    1. Select the player tab.
    1. Under resolution and presentation uncheck 'Default is native resolution'
    1. Set Default Screen size and width to e.g. 720x480
    1. In the 'Game' view tab change 'free aspect' to 'Standalone (..)'

## Setup video processing.
1. Copy the 'Process Videos.bat' file to different location
1. Adjust file locations in the bat file as needed

# Process video files.
1. Run the bat file.

## Update
To update the anaconda environment run in repo directory:
```
conda env update --name univideo --file environment.yml
```
